hello everyone welcome to movie geek
today we're gonna talk about a
supernatural horror movie titled the
wretched
watch out for some spoilers ahead
film opened 35 years ago a girl named
megan arrives at the home of the gambles
a family she is babysitting for
she got no answer at the door she finds
no sign of anyone inside as well as the
phone off the hook she calls her mom
informing her that she's babysitting
tonight
she then hears a noise coming from the
basement and goes downstairs to
investigate
she finds a family photo with the
father's eyes scratched out
venturing deeper there's some distinct
chewing noises hurt
to her horror she sees a grotesque
creature as devouring the little girl
she was supposed to look after she turns
to face her covered in blood and snarls
megan runs to the stairs and finds mr
gamble at the top who shuts the door
as megan is killed a peculiar symbol is
shown carved on the door
present day a young man named ben having
a nightmare of being drowned and a
shocked awake on a bus
an older woman compliments him on the
penmanship on his cast band written on
it he's going to stay with his father
liam for the summer residing in a small
lakefront town as his parents are in the
process of a divorce
at dinner liam wants to know how he
broke his arm but ben isn't willing to
discuss it he also has a present for his
son a rusty old bike
the next morning ben notices they have
some new neighbors who liam doesn't know
later liam sets ben up with a brief job
working at the marina which already
proves difficult when he informs a
snobby rich kid named gage who looking a
grill to use on a boat is not allowed
he then meets another employee named
mallory and across the way he sees liam
with another woman working their name
sarah it puts him back into a sour mood
meanwhile their neighbor abby and her
son dylan are venturing off trail the
woods dylan thinks they're lost but
abby's confident she knows exactly where
they are
when dylan gets separated from abby he
comes across a tree with the same symbol
seen at the gamble house
he then hears an echoing voice that
resembles abby's voice coming from the
tree trunk calling him sweetly to come
closer and then from the dark hollow a
gnarled white hand reaches out
before growing more aggressive abby pops
up to get dylan and the mysterious tree
itself just seems to disappear
they return home with quite a surprise
for ty and baby sam with a buck carcass
that they hit and are bringing home for
dinner
abby tries to skin and get the creature
but she messes up and just causes its
guts to spill out all over the truck
they then just leave it there
at night ben doing his best to play
guitar with his broken arm and decides
to go over and spy on the neighbors
ben seeing them get busy doing something
in the window but they are interrupted
by their baby crying
sometime later at the truck something
crawls out of the buck's carcass
we see that the rich has transported
herself inside the box body
ben is awoken later by some odd noises
that sound like footsteps on the
floorboards above it and grabs a
flashlight to look around outside
he finds a raccoon under the neighbor's
porch the wretch then appears behind him
in a skull mask and just about to see a
tie flips the floodlights on obscuring
his vision and misses the creature then
telling ty that he thought he saw an
animal under the porch
the next day ben rushing around to work
on time and see dylan is fiddling with
the hole and ben warns him to stay away
on the way to work ben tells his dad
that he saw sarah liam says that ben
should meet her then deciding to do it
tonight
later at work he meets mallory's younger
sister lily telling them that mallory
may have a crush on him
meanwhile abby is with sam near the
porch where something appears to have
broken in
as she leaves the flowers around her
quickly decay
ben befriends dylan at the marina he
makes a deal with dylan free access to
the popsicle supply so long as dylan
promises to let him know if anything
strange happens at his house
after work liam prepares for the dinner
and sends ben to the store to get some
gluten-free dinner rolls to accommodate
sarah's dietary needs but mallory shows
up in inviting ben to a party and he
joins her instead
at the party he and mallory hide a way
to play a little truth game mallory asks
how he broke his arm he divulges that he
fell out of a neighbor's second floor
window while trying to escape capture
after having snuck in to steal vicodin
the moment is set for a romantic kiss
but he gets drunk and throws up before
he can kiss her
he is then approached by another girl
who invites him into the pool
he can't go in too deep because he has a
cast on his arm but the girl pulls ben's
underwear off and tricks him into being
there as orchestrated by gage
unfortunately it also destroys his butt
in relationship with mallory
meanwhile at abby's home dylan hears a
strange noise and it's loud enough to
wake the baby
abby goes to check on sam but everything
seems all right
she gets back in bed and checks the baby
monitor but she doesn't notice a black
figure at the edge of the crib on the
camera footage a frightened dylan comes
in complaining of odd sounds and joins
them in bed abby checks the monitor
again she sees the angle has changed
she then goes to see the baby and she
pulls the blanket away revealing that
the baby's gone but has been replaced
with a bundle of twigs
blood oozing from under the crib starts
forming at her feet a pair of hands grab
and pull her under the crib and followed
by some munching noises
ben comes home while he is still drunk
he sees her walking off into the woods
and baby in her hand but suddenly liam
comes out irritated that he's been
missing all night and tries to force him
to apologize for what he did
ben argues with liam and refers to sarah
as a that he's sleeping with then turns
awkward when we find that she's actually
still there
the next day ty wakes up and finds his
wife not in bed while downstairs dylan
is eating and watching tv
abby has returned from the woods
standing behind dylan motionless then
tie heads into work after suggested his
wife shower
shortly after abby had finished bathing
as ty suggested dylan comes into the
room looking for his mom but he finding
abby naked and she starts to move in a
very unnatural way sending dylan fleeing
in terror
at the marina when ben's seeing mallory
he gives a wave but she averts her
attention and walks on without looking
back
after work liam is working late so ben
gets a ride home from sarah he
apologizes for what he said about her
and she agrees to give him a second
chance
when he gets home he finds dylan hiding
upstairs because abby is freaking him
out when abby comes to collect him ben
denies that he is there until ty shows
up and dylan goes running to him
abby's staring daggers at ben before
they leave
liam is still working and he's startled
by mallory who finds an unexpected
apology in her backpack from ben
meanwhile ben is spying on his neighbors
and watching them through binoculars
mallory calls thanking him for his
apology but his priorities are still
watching his neighbors prepare for sexy
time and seeing strange sores on her
back have spread
the next morning malory kicks ben awake
he realizes that he was supposed to give
dylan a sailing lesson but mallory says
he never showed up
when ben goes to his house to ask ty
denies even having a son and not
remembering dylan
since ben is pretty sure he has kids and
abby nearby looming behind a corner this
makes him awfully suspicious
then flips over the doormat exposing the
same rash symbol underneath
as he takes a picture and does an image
search which leads him down an internet
rabbit hole about a body hopping which
from folklore who feeds on children
she makes family members forget the
other members and then eats them
later he tries to convince mallory of
the danger then putting a salt berry
around the house for protection then
abby comes out of the cellar carrying a
garbage bag
mallory has to get back to work and
leave a note under abby's door
ben looks up to the second floor abby
they're staring intently at him
mallory's note almost drives tie to the
cellar but then abby whispers something
demonic and ties you that makes him
bleed and instantly his face goes blank
at night malory doesn't notice that
she's followed by abby the door
squeaking open but doesn't see anything
in one photo of her family is now
missing meanwhile ben digs through the
garbage can he finds a smashed picture
frame with sam's picture in it and other
evidence of her existence
the next morning abby gets a shower and
she sees her skin and body are starting
to decay and rot
she then goes to visit ben before he can
complete his salt circle and gives him
back the note ben does some more digging
now that he is more suspicious
when he gets a chance he goes into their
cellar and finds a picture of the family
with ty's face scratched out along with
a picture of maul and her sister lily
making him realize that the witch is
after lily next
ben calls maul to warn her about this
but she doesn't seem to remember lily
ben rushes to go save lily but he is too
late as the witch has gotten her and has
pulled her into her tree
ben calls the police but finds them at
his place after learning that he broke
into ty and abby's cellar as well as him
skipping work and fighting with gage
after he dumped rotten fish in his dad's
boat
when he chatted with sarah in the
kitchen he notices flowers decaying and
he realizes she is possessed by the
witch
when she tries to attack he slashes her
arm but the witch makes it look like ben
just attacked sarah for no reason in
front of liam
ben is taken into custody but he pleads
with liam to check the neighbor's house
for clues as to what he's talking about
the officer escorting ben stops near the
beach and attempts to drown ben until a
dog comes to attack the officer
he shoots the dog and then himself after
realizing he was being possessed to try
and kill ben meanwhile liam goes to tai
and abby's cellar and finds their dead
bodies in the place as well as what
looks like a shrine made by the witch
sarah then comes up to stab liam in the
back
before she can continue attacking ben
arrives and shoots her
the witch crawls out of sarah's corpse
and goes after ben but he gets liam to
safety as their house burns down
suddenly this causes ben to remember
that he has a little brother nathan
since the witch made him forget him too
ben gets mallory and they go to the tree
to rescue their siblings
ben drops lighter fluid around the tree
while maul pours salt around it he
crawls inside and tries looking for the
witch and he finds her feeding on
dylan's corpse ben manages to find
nathan and pushes him back outside but
he runs back to find lily he fights off
the witch and gets lily out
the witch tries to go after the kids but
liam arrives and rams his car into her
not long after ben is getting ready to
go home with nathan and their mother
they are dropping liam off at his
brother's place to heal up
ben and maul share a kiss goodbye and
she puts a flower in his hair before she
goes to give some kids a sailing lesson
as ben gets in the car he notices the
flower is fake
it then becomes clear that the witch is
alive because they forgot to burn the
tree and is now possessing maul who is
left alone with three children
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on the notification and leave a
like has really helped the channel out